" We are flexible in preparing short, medium, and long-term campaigns that perfectly meet the needs of our partners, with on-demand services to ensure cost-effective solutions. If you want to entrust your client relationships to experts, contact us for expert advice!Omnichannel customer service solutions in any country, language or dialect, with highly trained professionals and top-quality technology support.We provide customer service, sales, technical support, and helpdesk services for all industries from the automotive industry to tourism, tailored to your individual needs.Professional, cost-effective customer support solutions without geographical or language barriers. Contact us today!Our mission is to provide every customer sustainable, global and compliant call center services via multilingual native speaking professionals worldwide.Our vision is to develop a customized, best in class service on demand with no boundaries.Use United Call Centers' next-generation tools and automated sales solutions! Our systems are available at any time of the day, with 100% data security.24 x 7 x 365 innovative contact center solutions available without geographical and language barriersTelemarketing, lead generation, database building, eCommerce support anywhere in the worldBranding & marketing, software development, web development, HR tasks, temporary employment, translation servicesUnited Call Centers aims to create a compliant infrastructure and IT environment that meets international standards and all data security requirements. Our employees work in accordance with ISO9001:2015, ISO 27001:2013 and PCI-DSS 3.1 standards, using the latest cloud-based technologies.All our services follow precisely documented standard operating procedures (SOPs). We implement these based on ITIL framework practices to ensure that services are designed from the outset to meet strategic objectives and ensure a seamless implementation.United Call Centers design and implement their services according to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) in accordance with the ITIL framework. Our management team can provide ready solutions to our partners in days, depending on the size and complexity of the project. Every project is lead by an Account Manager acting as a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) in customer relationship management. SOPs further define the individual and co-operative work of UCC's departments. These include accounts and back office functions such as HR, recruitment, finance and payroll, sales and marketing activities.ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) practices are widespread across the business services sector. Using it helps United Call Centers to create strategy, plan, implement, and operate services uninterrupted, in an organised and effective manner. Based on our continual service improvement approach we strive to consciously and proactively explore opportunities to increase efficiency, and make recommendations on introducing developments.United Call Centers Ltd. is operating their Information Security Management System in compliance with ISO 27001:2013 certificate in the scope of Information Security System Related to Call Center Services activities.United Call Centers operates secure, reliable call center software systems in the cloud according to the latest technology. These systems use firewall and antivirus protection, penetration prevention, they are allow maximum security and operate according to BCP/DR requirements. Our domestic and international services are protected by the use of multiple different security measures. We protect the data and information of our clients and our company in light of the current Information Security Policy (ISP).We protect information based on the level of confidentiality using password protection, 2FA, and encryption. Our systems are protected from illegitimate access via logical separation of access levels, monitoring tools, and virtualisation. Our colleages receive information security awareness trainings in addition to service trainings, which contains the most important expectations and requirements to maintain security. The dedicated IT and compliance manager is responsible to adhere to the above requirements.Our highly trained team of contact center professionals that are available in any industries, language, and that can support any sales activities, can ensure that our customers have everything they need for the cutting-edge customer experience.We work strategically with our clients to develop an online presence, corporate identity or customized software, recruitment, and temporary staffing solutions. Of course, all these services can be provided separately.Do you want to communicate in all possible channels, but don't have the conditions? With United Call Centers' team of developers, we help our partners create websites, online stores, microsites supporting sales campaigns, chatbots, and IVR systems. If required, we can take on the development of a complete online or offline corporate identity, from design to implementation, from copywriting to graphic design, and from newsletter creation to the management of social media advertising.We meticulously plan all campaigns and interfaces, while providing forecasts, reports, and new ideas to support continuous development, so that your clients can continue to enjoy a cutting-edge customer experience when they visit your online platforms after the phone call!Our in-house designed chatbots provide our clients with a unique solution in the market in terms of practicality, customer experience, and freedom for users. Our solutions are available on multiple social platforms and can be customized to match our partner's branding. Chatbot technology allows us to support any business solution or process without operator intervention, from customer service to sales, HR, and back-office processes.In addition to customer service-related software, we are at the forefront of developing RPA products for everyday HR and workplace applications, which can be customized to support any business process. We primarily offer them for high volume, simple tasks with high speed, automated execution. Save up to hundreds of man-hours per month by automating your processes!An important part of our work is the management of HR tasks, also for our partners on request. Whether it is recruitment, payroll, social security, check-in, or check-out, we provide all the necessary skills and technology to carry out these tasks, ultimately relieving our clients. Thanks to our integration capabilities and our technological approach, we use top-quality automation tools to help increase efficiency, saving our partner's hundreds of man-hours.We have a decades-long history in temporary staffing. Our collaborations enable us to support contact centers of up to several hundred people, managing the entire human resources area, allowing our clients to focus on their core activities.One of the most exciting services that we offer, gives our customers access to automated and multilingual customer support solutions. Our technology integration skills allow us to automatically translate your documents while maintaining a high level of customer experience as if your customers were receiving assistance from native-speaking experts. We primarily offer these services when our clients want to serve two or three other language areas with a low call volume, in addition to the core language service, all while maintaining the maximum customer experience.Would you try yourself in the business services sector? Do you want to be a part of a dynamically evolving international contact center company? Would you like to work from home or from anywhere in the world? Contact us!We are looking for talented Italian Speaking Consumer Engagement Service Representatives for our International Team.We are currently looking for talented German speaking Customer Service Representatives for our International Team.We are looking for talented Sales Representatives / Lead Generation Experts. Apply now and be a part of a youthful, dynamic Team!We are looking for talented Customer Service Representatives for our International Team. Apply now and be a part of a youthful, dynamic Team!We are looking for talented Multilingual Consumer Engagement Service Representatives for our International Team.United Call Centers aims to create a compliant infrastructure and IT environment that meets international standards and all data security requirements. Our employees work in accordance with ISO9001:2015, ISO 27001:2013 and PCI-DSS 3.1 standards, using the latest cloud-based technologies.All our services follow precisely documented standard operating procedures (SOPs). We implement these based on ITIL framework practices to ensure that services are designed from the outset to meet strategic objectives and ensure a seamless implementation.United Call Centers design and implement their services according to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) in accordance with the ITIL framework. Our management team can provide ready solutions to our partners in days, depending on the size and complexity of the project. Every project is lead by an Account Manager acting as a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) in customer relationship management. SOPs further define the individual and co-operative work of UCC's departments. These include accounts and back office functions such as HR, recruitment, finance and payroll, sales and marketing activities.ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) practices are widespread across the business services sector. Using it helps United Call Centers to create strategy, plan, implement, and operate services uninterrupted, in an organised and effective manner. Based on our continual service improvement approach we strive to consciously and proactively explore opportunities to increase efficiency, and make recommendations on introducing developments.United Call Centers Ltd. is operating their Information Security Management System in compliance with ISO 27001:2013 certificate in the scope of Information Security System Related to Call Center Services activities.United Call Centers operates secure, reliable call center software systems in the cloud according to the latest technology. These systems use firewall and antivirus protection, penetration prevention, they are allow maximum security and operate according to BCP/DR requirements. Our domestic and international services are protected by the use of multiple different security measures. We protect the data and information of our clients and our company in light of the current Information Security Policy (ISP).We protect information based on the level of confidentiality using password protection, 2FA, and encryption. Our systems are protected from illegitimate access via logical separation of access levels, monitoring tools, and virtualisation. Our colleages receive information security awareness trainings in addition to service trainings, which contains the most important expectations and requirements to maintain security. The dedicated IT and compliance manager is responsible to adhere to the above requirements. Contacts: (US) +1 (650) 304-0008, (HU) +36 1 999 9615, (UK) +44 (20) 80890904, (WhatsAPP) +36 (70) 641 5001. Awards: 2016 – Pegasus Award, 2017 – Disability-Friendly Workplace Award, 2018 – Family-Friendly Workplace Recognition, 2018 – Responsible Employer of the Year, 2019 – Supporting Kenézy Gyula Teaching Hospital, University of Debrecen, 2019 – Keynote by Richárd Kozma CEO at Responsible Employers’ conference, 2020 – REbot education chatbot system development supporting Plastic-Free July, 2020 – Business Ethics Award, 2020 – Advanced Cycling Workplace, 2022 – Google Partner"